docs(repo-readme): refer to developer.holochain.org for dev tool setup (#1403)
holochain/holochain: README.md

[![Project](https://img.shields.io/badge/Project-Holochain-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](http://holochain.org/)
[![Forum](https://img.shields.io/badge/Forum-forum%2eholochain%2enet-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](https://forum.holochain.org)
[![License: CAL 1.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-CAL%201.0-blue.svg)](https://github.com/holochain/cryptographic-autonomy-license)
![Test](https://github.com/holochain/holochain-client-js/actions/workflows/test.yml/badge.svg?branch=main)
[![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/holochain.svg?style=social&label=Follow)](https://twitter.com/holochain)

# Holochain

Holochain is an open-source framework to develop peer-to-peer applications with high levels of security, reliability, and performance.
This repository contains the Holochain core libraries.

## Code Status

> This code is in alpha. It is not for production use. We will be frequently and heavily restructuring code APIs and data chains until Beta.

Reviewer: Hmm but I kinda like the guarantee of insecurity. Alan Watts [would be proud](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/551520.The_Wisdom_of_Insecurity).

But seriously, I think we should leave in a security disclaimer of some kind.

```suggestion
This code is in alpha. It is not for production use, and currently makes no security guarantees. We will be frequently and heavily restructuring code APIs and data chains until Beta.
```

Author: @maackle I see. I took it out because I felt it's implicit between all the disclaimers that the code is not secure and secondly I didn't know what "secure" referred to. Okay, let's put it in.

> **We are supporting Linux and macOS at this time**. You may or may not be able to build and run Holochain on Windows.

Reviewer 2: we're not running any tests for macOS so we are not guaranteeing functionality beyond being able to obtain an executable.

Author: @steveeJ Okay - on a side note: You could try that again with nextest to see if it's any better now.

We will be supporting it in the future.

## Holochain Development and Usage

### Running Holochain applications (hApps)

Holochain apps can be installed and run using the [Holochain Launcher](https://github.com/holochain/launcher). Refer to the Github repository
for instructions on how to obtain and use it.

### Developing Holochain applications (hApps)

> Looking to write a hApp yourself? You need to set up your development environment and then can scaffold your hApp. Refer to the

Reviewer 2: according to personal preference of thinking in possibilities rather than necessities:

```suggestion
Looking to write a hApp yourself? You can start by setting up your development environment and then can scaffold your hApp. Refer to the
```

Author: Without the dev env you can't develop anything. But sure...

As well as creating the config file this process also instantiates the database.   If you provide a config file on first run with just the `-c` flag `holochain` will also initialize the environment even if not in interactive mode.

## License

> Copyright (C) 2019, Holochain Foundation

Reviewer 2: do we really not want to extend the copyright to the current year?

Author: Copyright is implicit, we don't even need to state it explicitly. It doesn't need to be extended either. Only the year when the work was created should be stated. We can keep updating the year to indicate that we are creating new work if we want.
(see duration: https://www.copyright.gov/help/faq/faq-duration.html, copyright in general https://www.copyright.gov/help/faq/faq-general.html#mywork)
